Certification Project

ProjectProblem Statement

DOMAIN: LinuxFundamentals
Focus: Development

Tom needs to createuser accounts for new joinersJane and Jack in his system and give them permission to view and edit common repositories.
He needs to create a cronjob to delete empty files and directory every day at 00:00 am and need to upgrade the system every week on Tuesday 6:00 am.
As part of his role he also needs to monitor system usage (CPU load, Memory usage, disk usage, network usage, active logged in users). 
He needs to install Git as SCM in a remote system and put system usage data there. 
He would need to fetch the data on remote server and needs to maintain the remote server from his desktop as well. 
He also needs to restrict users to access youtube fromthis machine.

Approach to Solve:

1.Tom creates user accounts for Jane and Jack in his system.
2.Separate home directories are created for each of the three users. 
3.They have a common repository script where every user has access to view and edit files.
4.Tom installed git as the SCM in a remote system.
5.He set a cron job to delete empty files and directory from /tmp folder at 00:00 am.
6.He set a cron job to upgrade the system every week on Tuesday6:00 am.
7.Tom creates a script which has functionalities to displayCPU load, Memory usage, disk usage, network usage, active logged in users.
8.He puts them in git repository. 
9.He runs the scripts to get data for remote server to check and maintain the remote server from his desktop.
10.He restricts users to access youtube from this machine.

  'CM_STORERESULT',
  'CUSTDATA_ADDRESS',
  'CUSTDATA_COMPANY',
  'CUSTDATA_SALES',
  'CUST_DATA',
  'GMACC_CM_DATA',
  'REF_DATA',

Your profile summary should mention the highlights of your career and education, what your professional interests are, 
and what kind of a career you are looking for. Write a meaningful summary of more than 50 characters.

Objective is to do challenging job assignments ensuring career growth and enhancement of my professional / inter-personal 
skills in the organisation that provides a healthy and balanced work environment, resulting in complete growth of myself 
as an individual and the organisation at large.

I have performed excellently well in production support, supporting a very unstable, complex business application for a leading electronics retail company of US.
Currently I am working as a technical lead, where I am assisting my team of about 8 members to continuously up-skill and be at par with the requirements of the client.
In the near future, my aspiration to work on further challenging environment and get exposure to more complex business to add more depth to my carrier.
For the long term, I am looking myself to be at a senior management level with a very good history in technical aspect.

If you are interested kindly share me your CV to usha.sundar@adecco.com & below details
1) Present CTC (Fixed + VP) - 9.4 LPA
2) Expected CTC - 22 LPA
3) No. of years experience - 8.2 Years
4) Notice Period - 3 months
5) Offer-in hand - 18 LPA
6) Reason of Change - Enhancing the carrier
7) Present Location - Mangalore
